Master, do you really want Yuqing to live stream?
Don't worry, that Xie Sui
I don't seem to want to hurt Yuqing
Put this talisman during the live broadcast at night.
Stick to forehead
Just live stream and don't look around.
That evil sin can't hurt you
The teacher can't even beat you
What's the use of that evil's triumphant surrender?
Something is better than nothing
Hahaha oops
Why don't you cry?
Remember
Revenue from live streaming
I will divide it into 37 with you.
It's not that you still only think about making money
Hey uncle
Please ask if you know the old man Xu Youde
Nope.
Strange, why is it like seeing a ghost?
Well, it seems we're on our own.
Oh, shit.
I'm sick, you scared me
Do you know Xu Youde?